updated field calculator documentation as per fix #46160 (#7432)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/expressions/expression.rst

* Above the expression editor, a set of tools helps you:

  * |fileNew|:sup:`Clear the expression editor`
  * Create and manage :ref:`user expressions <user_expressions_functions>`

* Under the expression editor, you find:

  * A set of basic operators to help you build the expression
  * An indication of the expected format of output when you are data-defining
    feature properties
  * A live :guilabel:`Output preview` of the expression (up to 60 characters), 
    evaluated on the first feature of the Layer by default. To view output preview 
    text exceeding 60 characters, you can hover your cursor over the text to display 
    a tooltip pop-up containing the entire output preview. Furthermore, you may also 
    right-click on the text to copy the entire output preview onto your clipboard. 

>     

Reviewer: Any idea what the select/copy link location entries in the context menu do?

Author: hey @DelazJ! the "select all" entry highlights the preview text, so that it can be right-click copied. I can add this information with the above entry.

as for the "copy link location" entry, I haven't been able to find a preview text scenario yet where I'm able to use this context menu entry. shall I simply just put descriptions for "copy" and "select all", and omit a description for "copy link location"?

Reviewer: @Ryan-Welfle May I ask you what version of QGIS you are running? I'm on master 3.25 [39d1879](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/commit/39d18799c6b1cd17290d39cfc0161a87f19f6cc9) and can't get same inputs as in your screenshot. Only "Copy expression value" is present in right-click and this is what qgis/QGIS#47680 also shows.
Anything special to do to get your dialog?

Author: @DelazJ  I'm running an earlier master than yours (3.24.1), so this must be where the difference lies!

Reviewer: Yeah, looks like the build system is currently failing on macOS. Reported at https://github.com/qgis/QGIS-Mac-Packager/issues/148

* Above the expression editor, a set of tools helps you:

  * |fileNew|:sup:`Clear the expression editor`
  * Create and manage :ref:`user expressions <user_expressions_functions>`

* Under the expression editor, you find:

  * A set of basic operators to help you build the expression
  * An indication of the expected format of output when you are data-defining
    feature properties
  * A live :guilabel:`Output preview` of the expression (up to 60 characters), 
    evaluated on the first feature of the Layer by default. To view output preview 
    text exceeding 60 characters, you can hover your cursor over the text to display 
    a tooltip pop-up containing the entire output preview. To copy the output preview

>     text onto your clipboard, right-click on the output preview text to open the 
>     output preview context menu, and select 'Copy Expression Value'.

Reviewer: Let's simplify (My last suggestion, and I'm good to merge)
```suggestion
    text onto your clipboard, right-click on the output preview text
    and select |editCopy| :guilabel:`Copy Expression Value`.
```
And you'd need to add the editCopy substitution at the end of the page

Author: @DelazJ Done! Just pushed a new commit with these updates.
